Update date input to recommend accepting month names (#2889)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/date-input/index.md

Make sure that any example dates you use in hint text are valid for the question being asked.

> Accept month names written out in full or abbreviated form (for example, ‘january’ or ‘jan’) as some users may enter months in this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accept month names written out in full or 3-letter abbreviated form (for example, ‘january’ or ‘jan’) as some users may enter months in this way.
```
This should encourage services to accept 3-letter abbreviations and not 2-letter abbreviations, where `ju` can be June and July.

Reviewer 2: Three letters is fine for most months but @frankieroberto's [month abbreviation data](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system-backlog/issues/42#issuecomment-1119724868) showed a fair amount of people abbreviating 'September' to 'Sept' - is it worth accounting for that in the guidance?

Author: @stevenjmesser @matteason so I just checked and [in our implementation](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training/pull/6807) we used `Date.parse` from Ruby, which doesn't accept 1 or 2 letter abbreviations, but works fine for 3 letters or more, so all of these work 😄 :

```ruby
Date.parse("Jan")
Date.parse("Sept")
Date.parse("Novem")
Date.parse("Octobe")
Date.parse("Decemb")
```

but 1 or 2 letter ones don't, even where theoretically unambiguous:

```ruby
Date.parse("Oc")
Date.parse("F")
```

Probably only the common 3 letter ones plus "Sept" are actually likely to be used though - although perhaps people might occasionally miss the last letter if they tab too early?

Author: For simplicity, we could change to "3 or 4 letter abbreviated form"?

## Research on this component

> Data from the ‘Apply for teacher training service‘ showed that hundreds of users were inputting months using full or abbreviated month names, and then getting an error. Some users with dyscalculia may struggle to convert month names into numbers. Since changing the service to accept full or abbreviated month names, the number of errors dramatically dropped. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Findings from the Apply for teacher training service](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system-backlog/issues/42#issuecomment-1119724868) showed that hundreds of users were inputting months using full or abbreviated month names and getting an error. They changed the component to accept month names to be consistent with this observed behaviour. Since changing the service the number of errors has dropped dramatically. 

Some users with dyscalculia may struggle to convert month names into numbers, but accepting full or abbreviated month names may help these users.
```
Pointed to the evidence that supports this change as it's great to have. Also pulled out the line about dyscalculia.

Author: Nice!
